An important reality of investment management is that
transaction costs are incurred when making trades.
For institutional traders, the cost is due to the impact of trade
has on the market price of the asset being bought or sold.
When you buy an asset in large enough amounts,
this tends to push the price upward.
When you sell an asset in large enough amounts,
this tends to push the price downwards.
This price movement is a cost to you as
the investment manager because when you're buying,
you'd prefer to pay the lowest price possible.
But the act of buying large quantities,
makes the price you pay more and more expensive.
Similarly, when you sell an asset,
you'd prefer to sell it at a higher price.
But when the act of selling starts to push the price downward,
the cash that you receive for selling is also reduced.